the education library is located at 1500
norman hall the library is virtually a
freestanding building surrounded by
Norman Hall proper
the collection consists of more than
145,000 books approximately 600 journal
subscriptions and more than half a
million microfiche
hey there how are you hi how many help
you uh yeah I'm actually doing a project
on the libraries on campus and I was
wondering if there was someone that
could show me around and answer a few my
questions sure I can show you around
what's your assignment well my Simon is
is that I have to go to all the
different libraries and see what your
library has that others don't so tell me
what makes the education library is so
special well let me take you on a tour
and I'll show you okay sounds good as
the name indicates the education library
collection primarily supports the
College of Education we serve students
and faculty from every 26 degree
programs in the College but we also
serve the larger University population
as well as researchers from around the
community and around the world we have
books journals microfiche and electronic
resources to meet the research and
information needs of our patrons the
library provides a great place to study
on the second floor we have quiet study
spaces and we ever looked courtyard area
wow that is a really great view the
second floor also contains a general
circulating collection okay so if I
check out a book from this library do I
have to return it back to this library
actually you know if you check out a
book on campus you can return it to any
library on campus wow that's really cool
i didn't even know that
in addition to the regular education
circulating collection we do have
children's literature collection
children's books why does this library
have children's books actually there are
many reasons why we have children's
books the education majors might need to
use these books for their classes in
addition there's a whole program that's
devoted to children's literature their
school teachers across the community who
might want to come in and use these
materials as well that makes a lot of
sense I like that idea
we also have lockers of here for
students to use they could be checked
out on a semester basis at the
circulation desk downstairs actually
there's one more thing I want to show
you so let's head back downstairs did
you know that the education library
provides instructional information and
resources for the english language
institute the e li this is our library
instruction classroom we provide
hands-on instruction and demos to our
the college of education faculty and
students and two other groups like the
English language institute so these
computers are for students to use well
the students can use these computers
while they're in formal class
instruction we show the students the
appropriate databases and allow them to
practice on their room alright that's
really good because you know I learned a
lot better I want to try it myself I
like that so those are some of the
unique things the education library has
to offer do you have any other questions
ah no I think I got all the information
I need it for my report great well if
you have any other questions just come
back alright thank you very much your
problem good luck on your paper